Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire preventin' bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's James Garner.
Mr. Garner, as Brett Maverick, you have many adventures out in the wide open spaces, and you get around quite a bit.
Have you ever run into a real mean forest fire?
No, Smokey, I've been pretty lucky that way, and yet for my own part, it hasn't been all luck.
You see, my pappy told me years ago, son, he said, there are three things you've got to always be careful about, wine, women, and fire outdoors, especially fire, because that's the toughest to control if you let it get the best of you.
Well, sir, I've tried to do what my pappy told me.
Since I'm outdoors so much, I'm really careful about my matches and smoke.
I guess you know, Smokey, that as Brett Maverick, I try to keep my gambling on a sure-thing basis.
That's another reason why I never fool around with fire.
No one can afford to gamble with fire.
Thanks, Mr. Garner, for those helpful words.
Now Lloyd here wants a word with you.
If Maverick is looking for new territory, Mr. Garner, we've got a suggestion.
How about the trail that winds down along the sleepy Rio Grande?
I ride along a dreamin' of the western plains and the days I spent along the Rio Grande.
Dreamin' of my saddle days and the pony I used to ride as I got her to herd that wore the Bar X brand.
I'd like to be a ridin' over the plains tonight down along the sleepy Rio Grande and see the lazy cattle in the pale moonlight
As I gallop for the sand. Where the stars light up the trail that leads the way to home, tumbleweeds a-rollin' over every sandy dome, I'd like to be
a-ridin' over the plains tonight Down along the sleepy Rio Grande I long to hear the whistle of the Whippoorwill And to hear the bobcat callin' to
his mate
I long to hear the clink of spurs as I gallop along the trail.
I should be there and it's mighty hard to wait.
I'd like to be a-riding over the plains tonight, down along the sleepy Rio Grande, and see the lazy cattle in the pale moonlight as I gallop for the sand.
Where the stars light up the trail that leads the way to home.
Tumbleweeds are rolling over every sandy dome.
I'd like to be a-riding over the plains tonight.
Down along the sleepy Rio Grande.
Thanks, fellas.
Golly, you know, I sure would like to have known the maverick boys, Pappy.
He always talked good sense to his boys.
He was right.
and warning them against carelessness with fire.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
So until we say hello there again and pay another little visit,
To another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the sons of the pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear.
Prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' in the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey.
That was how he got his name.
[Music.]
[Silence.]